<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><?workdir /F:\Personal Documents and Files\Documents\Portfolio\Rulebook\Arcane Engine Rulebook\temp\pdf\Arcane Engine Rulebook?><?workdir-uri file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/temp/pdf/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_wjc_zcn_d2b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:35">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Damage, Injury, and Death</title>
    <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="shortdesc:1;5:16">This section is a description of how damage, injury, and death work in this
        game.</shortdesc>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;7:14">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="p:1;8:12">Getting damaged happens when a character does not completely dodge out of the way of an
            attack. Taking hits is never good, as every hit reduces the HP of the character, which
            may end in death. There are ways to reduce the damage a character takes however,
            including high skills for defense, and high damage resistance from armor, which can make
            a character immune to low damage attacks.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="p:2;13:12">Damage Resistance is the armor, both natural and non-natural of a character. Damage
            Resistance is naturally half of your STR. Beyond that, any armor the character wears
            will add more to Damage Resistance. The DR of all specific types of armor will be
            detailed later in the book. Damage Resistance is removed from damage directly. A 20
            damage attack against a character with 20 DR does no damage.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="p:3;18:12">Health Points mean two things in the game world: the ability to take physical punishment
            and keep going, and the ability to turn a serious blow into a less serious one. Likewise
            Fatigue represents your inability to maintain composure and consciousness under intense
            pain and blood loss, as well as exhaustion from exerting yourself in extraordinary
            ways.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="p:4;23:12">It is assumed that until a character hits 0 HP, they have not taken any massive wounds
            that would stop them through their adrenaline. Upon hitting 0 HP, the character takes a
            massive disabling wound, and could possibly end in instant death.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Damage%20Injury%20and%20Death.dita" xtrc="p:5;26:12"> Likewise, it is assumed that adrenaline keeps a character acting as normal until FT hits
            0. Upon a character hitting 0 FT, the characters adrenaline fails them, and their battle
            fatigue catches up, forcing them to take a quick breather.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>