<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><?workdir /F:\Personal Documents and Files\Documents\Portfolio\Rulebook\Arcane Engine Rulebook\temp\pdf\Arcane Engine Rulebook?><?workdir-uri file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/temp/pdf/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN?><?doctype-system reference.dtd?><reference xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="reference_el5_fnt_d2b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic reference)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic       reference/reference " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="reference:1;3:39">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Guidelines of Being a GM</title>
    <refbody class="- topic/body        reference/refbody " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="refbody:1;5:14">
        <example class="- topic/example " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="example:1;6:18">
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:1;7:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:1;7:19">Know the Rules</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:2;8:16">GM’s are meant to be the rules keeper, and the arbiter of the game. The players will
                constantly ask you if anything they are doing is ok to do, and if they can do
                something within the game. More importantly, they will ask you how to do something,
                so having the rules ready both in your mind and in text are essential to being a
                good GM.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:3;13:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:2;13:19">Know How to Break the Rules</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:4;14:16">If the rules are too stringent for your tastes, or the rules are not correct in your
                mind or the mind of your players, you must be a good improviser in making up other
                rules for the situation. This is especially important in places where there is no
                specific rule. This book is not meant to be a replete composition of all possible
                scenarios and all possible rules. In addition, if you make a new rule, you must be
                consistent with them. Players want to have a consistent set of rules so they know
                what game they are playing.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:5;21:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:3;21:19">You are the Game Master: “Master” of the Game</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:6;22:16">You are the master of the game, the story teller, the guide. The players may object
                to some of your decisions, and they may very well believe that your judgments are
                not right, but they, and you, must understand that the GM’s rulings are final. Later
                on, you may come to find your old judgments are, in fact, wrong, and you can change
                them (Make sure to apologize). </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:7;27:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:4;27:19">The Players are Not the Enemy</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:8;28:16">If a Player does something you do not like, or if you feel that the players are doing
                too well and need challenging, you must remember that the players are your friends,
                and collaborative storytellers. Often, GMs will see that they are constantly playing
                the villain attempting to best the Player Characters, and will extrapolate that
                outside of the game world. They will believe that the GM himself is supposed to best
                the Players at the table. So they will throw all manner of horrible obstacles at the
                players, thinking this time they have them dead to rights. The Players come out on
                top, and the GM just gets more frustrated, and schemes further. Take a step back,
                and realize that fighting your players leads to bitterness, and a completely un-fun
                experience for everyone. Seeing the Players overcome a meaningful challenge should
                provide you with the satisfaction you need. If you don’t derive satisfaction from
                helping other people succeed, then being a GM may not be for you.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:9;40:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:5;40:19">What Happens in Game, Stays in Game</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:10;41:16">If a problem happens in game, it must stay within the game, and though players may be
                prone to bringing quarrels outside of the game world, you as the GM should help them
                to cool off, and bring it back to reality. Romantic relationships in the game do not
                mean anything outside of it, and arguments within the game should never cause the
                players to actually get angry at each other.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:11;46:16">In addition, things that happen outside the game should never make it into the game
                world. You and your players are playing this game to simulate a separate reality
                from the world you live in. Thusly, your real-world problems should not become
                in-game vendettas. If you dislike something someone did that day, their character
                should never suffer for it.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:12;51:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:6;51:19">Let Go of Your Creations</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:13;52:16">Just because you created something does not mean that it means the same thing to the
                players. The immense effort you put into building a storyline might be all for
                naught as the players kill the NPC that would introduce them to said storyline. It
                is better for yourself and for everyone else if you calm down, and let go of things
                you hold dear. It is sometimes physically painful to see a well-built villain die in
                a single round of combat due to three critical hits, but that is life, and neither
                the dice, nor your players, hate you.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:14;59:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:7;59:19">Let the Players Help You</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:15;60:16">Sometimes the work of creating the world can get overwhelming, this is completely
                understandable. It is always recommended to let the players help in designing the
                world, especially if something they create is relatively inconsequential outside of
                itself. Perhaps Player A has come from a small town not on the map. Alright, let him
                create that town, and let him flesh it out. This adds to your world, it takes work
                away from you, and it gives your player a wonderful sense of attachment to the
                world. In addition, remember that your players will feel attached to their
                characters. These characters are the players’ insertion into the world, their
                creative sandbox. So let them do whatever they want with their characters, within
                reason of course. A consequence of this is, <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:8;69:64">be very careful taking control away
                    from the players.</b> This includes all types of mind control or action control.
                If your players no longer have their characters, they have nothing…and if they have
                nothing, they have no reason to be at the table.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:16;73:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="b:9;73:19">Have Fun with It</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/GM%20Guide.dita" xtrc="p:17;74:16"> This is a game, so have some fun! Your role as a GM was never mandated by anyone,
                and you are probably not being paid to be a GM. It can feel like a job at times, and
                the players may never know the work you put into the game, but that isn’t important.
                What is important is that you and your players have fun with the game. So enjoy
                yourself, and enjoy the amazing collaborative experience that Tabletop RPGs can
                bring.</p>
        </example>
    </refbody>
</reference>