<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><?workdir /F:\Personal Documents and Files\Documents\Portfolio\Rulebook\Arcane Engine Rulebook\temp\pdf\Arcane Engine Rulebook?><?workdir-uri file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/temp/pdf/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_q13_vgt_d2b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Treasure.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:35">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Treasure.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Treasure and Rewards</title>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Treasure.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;5:14">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Treasure.dita" xtrc="p:1;6:12">As characters complete missions and adventure around, characters will often find
            themselves with a lot of money and treasures. These treasures are often in the form of
            money, but will often be rare treasures and old items. </p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Treasure.dita" xtrc="p:2;9:12">It is recommended that players come up quickly with a method for divvying up loot and
            treasures. Oftentimes a good way to divvy up loot is to split it evenly. If someone
            wants a specific item, then perhaps that lowers their share of the rest of the treasure.
            Perhaps that item is so valuable that it is their entire share, or perhaps they get that
            item simply because they can use it. </p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Treasure.dita" xtrc="p:3;14:12">Rewards can come in other forms of course, including followers and henchmen, reputation,
            honors and medals, titles, and property. The important thing about rewards is that they
            are meaningful. GM’s do not want to send players on a long and difficult mission only to
            give them a meaningless reward. That does not make a good gaming experience.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>