<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_yjm_wmt_d2b">
    <title>Elements of NPC's</title>
    <shortdesc>In creating an NPC, the GM must understand exactly what the NPC is supposed to do.
        They are not a Player Character, and their importance to the story is less for that, but
        they do serve some purpose, otherwise, why would they be there?</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="0" colsep="0" id="table_gdy_xmt_d2b">
            <tgroup cols="2" align="left">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.33*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Element</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row valign="middle">
                        <entry>
                            <p>NPCs are not Player Characters</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>The Player Characters are the center of the story. The players are
                            your reason why this campaign is happening, so you as the GM must
                            understand that your part is to play the less important world around
                            them. Now this is not to say that anything that happens to anyone else
                            isn’t as important within the game world, but outside the game world,
                            everyone else is, in fact, less important. NPCs should almost never
                            become the focus of your story, and if they must, they should not be
                            able to drive the plot forward without the aid of the player characters.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row valign="middle">
                        <entry>
                            <p>NPCs are People Too</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Just because NPCs are not as important as the players doesn’t mean
                                they aren’t supposed to be living thinking beings as well. They have
                                emotions, they make mistakes, they are not all knowing, and they
                                don’t usually want to die. NPCs should react accordingly when the
                                players do something. Even if the NPC would severely complicate the
                                lives of the Players, such as calling the police when the Players
                                are spotted committing a crime, that NPC should do so. It is what
                                the NPC would do naturally.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row valign="middle">
                        <entry>
                            <p>The GM is not the NPC</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>As a GM, you must understand above and beyond your players the
                            necessity of separating in-game and out-of-game knowledge. You as the GM
                            understand what is going to happen in a few moments. You know when the
                            wolves are going to attack, and when the police are going to arrive. The
                            NPC you are playing as may not know these things. In combat, enemies are
                            not perfectly coordinated unless they have some sort of mental link.
                            They often do not perform 4-part combos unless they happen to be some
                            special task-force that have worked together before.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </refbody>
</reference>
