<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_n1p_slt_d2b">
    <title>Elements of a Campaign/Adventure</title>
    <shortdesc>The following is a quick exploration of the things that make a good
        campaign:</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="0" colsep="0" id="table_x2n_vlt_d2b">
            <tgroup cols="2" align="left">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="4.02*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Element</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row valign="middle">
                        <entry>
                            <p>A Problem That Needs Solving</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>There must be something to overcome, a specific reason why the party
                                would go forth and do what they are doing. This can be as simple as
                                a singular assassination contract, or a multiple part, world-wide
                                treasure hunt. The problem may simply be that the party wants an
                                item and will do whatever is needed to obtain that item. The problem
                                must however be worthy of their attention and valuable to them in
                                some way, even if it’s only valuable to give to someone else.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row valign="middle">
                        <entry>
                            <p>A Clear Goal</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>Characters must have a clear goal to work towards. In a structured
                            campaign, this is very easy to set up, and the goal is ever-present. In
                            a free form campaign, this means that the characters must always have
                            something to do. It is not necessarily something they should or will do,
                            but merely something that they can do.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row valign="middle">
                        <entry>
                            <p>Meaningful Outcomes for Everyone</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>This means two things: That the players should have choices that
                            actually matter to the outcome of the story, and that there should be
                            choices that everyone can participate in.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row valign="middle">
                        <entry>
                            <p>Interesting Encounters</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>Encounters, which are covered later, are the basis of what a campaign
                            is identified by. In essence, a campaign is a series of encounters. Each
                            of these encounters should be interesting and meaningful. Having filler
                            fights for the sake of fighting is not a good way to go about it.
                            Players should feel like every encounter, whether social or martial, has
                            a meaning. Do not just randomly set enemies upon your players, with no
                            outcomes for winning beyond experience and loot. The enemies should have
                            a purpose to be there. This is not to say that random encounters are not
                            good, but just that random encounters for the sake of randomness is not
                            good. If the players are attempting to fight through a docks district to
                            catch a VIP, then random henchmen or bodyguards popping up to fight the
                            players is meaningful. They are not just there to fight the players,
                            they are there to defend the VIP. Even if the enemies are there just to
                            weaken the players and expend valuable items before the players fight
                            some monster at the end of a tunnel system is meaningful, even though it
                            may not appear so.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </refbody>
</reference>
