<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_qsd_2tm_d2b">
    <title>Goals, Habits, and Facets</title>
    <shortdesc>This is a section that describes the less mechanical aspects of a character to round
        out personality.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Goals, Habits, and Facets are meant to round out a characters personality. There are no
            set values for these, and they are inherently intimate to a character and a player. They
            are also individual to every character.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_skm_jtm_d2b">
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Goals</entry>
                        <entry>Goals are simply things that the character wants to do, life goals,
                            temporary goals, anything that the character believes should be done.
                            These can be anything from a simple goal to find your brother, to
                            something as grandiose as dethroning the king. Characters are encouraged
                            to pick three of these that are meaningful, and can get the player into
                            interesting and dangerous situations.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Habits</entry>
                        <entry>Habits are things that your character does reflexively. “I scream
                            when startled”. These may not be apparent to work against or for you
                            immediately, but perhaps you scream loudly at a fancy dinner because the
                            waiter brushed your back…that can be interesting.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Facets</entry>
                        <entry>Facets are things about your character that stand out, and are
                            memorable. “Hairy,” “Hot-headed,” or “Clumsy,” things that people will
                            remember you by. Again, these things might endear you to someone or
                            antagonize others, and either way, it builds story and tension.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </conbody>
</concept>
