<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_prw_stm_d2b">
    <title>Making a Character</title>
    <shortdesc>This is the step-by-step process for making a character.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Making a character may take a little while, especially including any conceptual
            steps to figure out what the goals in this character are. Record it all on the character
            sheet.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Concept</b>: Come up with what the character does, who they are, what
                    generally are they good at, what are they bad at, and what is their history,
                    etc.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Attributes</b>: Determine the characters attributes. Take 30 attribute
                    points, start all attributes at 1, and distribute those attribute points among
                    the various attributes, with each attribute point adding 1 to the attribute it
                    is applied to. Reference: <xref href="Attribute%20List.dita"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Skills</b>: Determine the characters skills. Take 20 skill points, start all
                    skills at 0, and distribute those skill points among the various skills, with
                    each attribute adding 1 to the attribute it is applied to. Reference: <xref
                        href="../Player%20Companion/Skills%20List.dita"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Classes</b>: Determine the characters classes. Take 5 class points, start
                    all classes at 0, and distribute those class points among the classes, with each
                    class point adding 1 to the class it is applied to. Reference: <xref
                        href="Class%20List.dita"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Derived Attributes</b>: Based on attributes, record derived attributes.
                    Reference: <xref href="Derived%20Attributes.dita"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Goals, Habits, Facets</b>: Determine the characters goals, habits, and
                    facets. Think long and hard about it, and record them down. Try to come up with
                    at least 1 of each, but more is always welcome. Reference: <xref
                        href="Goals%20Habits%20Facets.dita"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
