<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /F:\Personal Documents and Files\Documents\Portfolio\Rulebook\Arcane Engine Rulebook\temp\pdf-css\Arcane Engine Rulebook?><?workdir-uri file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/temp/pdf-css/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_v5z_jyl_d2b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:35">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Playing the Game</title>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;5:14">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="p:1;6:12">
            <div class="- topic/div " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="div:1;7:18"><p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="p:2;7:21">This game is a game of tactics, strategy, roleplaying, acting, and storytelling.
                    It is most recommended to use a grid and miniatures, as these aid in the
                    description of a setting and especially in the tactics of play. These miniatures
                    represent your characters, and they can be anything, from a 3-D printed model
                    you made with detail down to the buckle on her belt, a square cutout with a name
                    on it, or a marble that had an interesting color. These are hardly necessary
                    though, and many players always opt to not use one, instead playing in a
                    “theater of the mind” which allows for quicker gameplay and a more cinematic
                    experience.</p><p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="p:3;15:39">As a character you will face tasks. This is a loose term to
                    describe situations which you must overcome. To simulate the often unseen
                    circumstances of real life that many cannot track but dictate how any task will
                    resolve, this game uses dice. The Core Mechanic of this game is to roll a 20
                    sided die (d20) whenever you are faced with a task and must take action. Your
                    roll on the die i1s added to whatever modifiers that exist, such as your skill at
                    the task, and compared against a number called a Target. This target number
                    represents how difficult the task is, the higher the number, the more difficult
                    the task. Depending upon how close you come to the number, under or over, shows
                    how well you succeed, or how badly you fail at the task.</p><p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="p:4;24:84">This system is
                    designed to only need a single die, a single d20 to roll for all things. There
                    are no other dice needed for anyone except the GM, who needs only 2 6-sided die.
                    Other things will be needed will be this ruleset, a character sheet provided in
                    the book, and scrap paper. The use of a battle grid and miniatures is
                    optional.</p><p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Playing%20the%20Game.dita" xtrc="p:5;29:37">Remember, this system is a game of imagination. There is no
                    limit to what your characters can do. Describe what you want to do, and talk to
                    the GM about whether what you wish is possible, and what happens because of it.
                    Your character has a plethora of numbers: attributes, skills, abilities, and
                    knowledge fields, to figure out if and how they can do something. These are
                    rolled using the core mechanic to accomplish tasks in the world.</p> This Core
                Rulebook should be used to create and manage characters, create and manage worlds,
                and give ideas and tools to craft stories. This core rulebook does not contain and
                exhaustive list of possible plot points and does not set hard rules about abilities.
                You are free to ignore or expand upon parts of this book at your leisure to suit
                your game.</div>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>