<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /F:\Personal Documents and Files\Documents\Portfolio\Rulebook\Arcane Engine Rulebook\temp\pdf-css\Arcane Engine Rulebook?><?workdir-uri file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/temp/pdf-css/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_ccg_5bn_d2b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Rounds%20Turns%20and%20Actions.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:35">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Rounds%20Turns%20and%20Actions.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Rounds, Turns, and Actions</title>
    <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Rounds%20Turns%20and%20Actions.dita" xtrc="shortdesc:1;5:16">This is a discussion on what Rounds, Turns, and Actions are.</shortdesc>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Rounds%20Turns%20and%20Actions.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;6:14">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Rounds%20Turns%20and%20Actions.dita" xtrc="p:1;7:12">Combat occurs in rounds, each one taking approximately 10 seconds of game-time. Each
            round, every character gets a turn within the round, where they take actions. Actions
            are things that the characters can do. Every character gets to do a number of actions
            that are equal to their Speed. Actions include things such as running, attacking, or
            using abilities.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/F:/Personal%20Documents%20and%20Files/Documents/Portfolio/Rulebook/Arcane%20Engine%20Rulebook/Rounds%20Turns%20and%20Actions.dita" xtrc="p:2;12:12">Each round represents about 30 seconds of time in game, though that can be changed
            according to the GM’s wishes. This is important to understand the length of effects, and
            the logical limits to what can be completed within a round.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>